user
=====
id_user (PK)     INT
nama_user        VARCHAR(100)
email            VARCHAR(50)
password         VARCHAR(100)
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


novel
=====
id_novel(PK)    INT
judul_novel     VARCHAR(255)   
file_cover      VARCHAR(255)
file_novel      VARCHAR(255)
sinopsis        TEXT
tgl_terbit      DATE
id_user         INT
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


genre
========
id_genre (PK)   INT
nama_genre      VARCHAR(50)
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


novel_genre
============
id_novel (PK)       INT
id_genre (PK)       INT
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


review
=======
id_review (PK)        INT
id_user                INT
id_novel            INT
isi_review        TEXT
rating            DECIMAL(3,1)
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


user_follow
===========
id_user(PK)             INT
id_user_followed (PK)    INT
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint


genre_follow
============
id_genre (PK)            INT
id_user (PK)             INT
created_at       datetime
updated_at       datetime
soft_delete      tinyint




